I'm currently in the process of creating a website for a doula and am doing a little market research. Was hoping you guys would be able to give some input.

If you were looking for a doula what would you expect to see on their website? And this may seem like a silly question but is there anything you wouldn't like to see - anything that would put you off?

Distance willing to travel - hospitals willing to cover - possibly a map?

giving YOU the confidence to getting an informed and empowered birth. 

Research shows that women who have a birth doula have better birth outcomes. A decreased risk of birth ending in a section being just one of those outcomes. But as Lisa says, a doula is not there to get your choices for you, she is there to help you do this for yourself. That's what empowerment is about. So, doulas can give you info, signpost you to resources and people who can help you get your birth plan in place, but not act or speak for you or make your choices for you. In fact, most of us try very hard not to influence your informed decision making at all. We support women regardless of their choices. What you choose is not what's important to us, it's that it is a fully informed choice every time.

Doulas cannot guarantee birth outcomes because no-one can. But by helping you enable yourself to act as your own advocate, and to take charge of what happens to you and your baby, then you are supported in keeping as much power and control over your own body and what happens to you as possible. Trauma and negative birth feelings are strongly linked to loss of power and control over oneself. What many women will say is that even if a birth went badly wrong, it was how the people around the woman helped her cope that drew the line between being able to rebound from that, or not. That's the difference that doulas make.

A doula's fee will vary according her her experience and where she lives. So, anywhere from £200 to £1500, and there may be expenses on top of that, so do ask.

http://www.nngroup.com/articles/113-design-guidelines-homepage-usability/
http://blog.hubspot.com/blog/tabid/6307/bid/34006/15-Examples-of-Brilliant-Homepage-Design.aspx
http://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/write-value-proposition

